[Music]
well we've got an incredible
team both in front of and behind the
camera making the world
feel as vivid as possible bringing a
sense of magical
realism the house has been requisitioned
as a hospital in the war and when mary
arrives there it's still
full of sort of relics of of this
this war that's just happened i got
quite fired up just looking at
design concepts for this this was once
beautiful
in the past i didn't expect the images
of the garden that i've seen to be quite
so
magical the original missile suite was a
thriving
house that was operating at its best and
now we've come to it and missile suede
is as broken as mari is
it's not just a ghastly cobwebby place
it's become that
but you can see that this there was once
a lot of joy the ceiling heights
i made higher than normally would be you
get that kind of alice in wonderland
quality that she is dwarfed by it the
story is told
through mary's eyes and the film is full
of
that blurring between the real and the
imaginary she looks at the wallpaper in
her room
and the birds come to life you have a a
lot of this
fluidity between her world in the
mistleth weight and the rich life of her
imagination which of course
then becomes the garden
[Music]
the gardens are so beautiful they're
going to look more beautiful in the film
but honestly
i actually for some of them i'd never
really seen anything like it
the garden itself being a major
character
it has this huge boundless feel to it i
just can't wait to see it basically
mark had very clear ideas very early on
that we would basically
take some of the greatest gardens in
britain and use them and stitch them
together to create
this incredible secret garden the
gardens are
knitted together from the best gardens
in britain
it has a sense of being wild that nature
has taken it back
from humans the garden is very
interactive
it's a very magical world full of wonder
but actually it's rooted in mary's
perception of it
when mary is feeling stormy at some
points that there will be
the wind in the trees the garden's not
passive in any way
it's a living organism and it reacts to
the characters and you see that you see
the plants
move some of it's done with just camera
tricks
but essentially it was all done through
sleight of hand
this is a family film it appeals to
very young children and adults who
love that book as a child mark
encouraged us all
to be part of the storytelling process
there's nothing more important and it
was an
amazing experience he is a wonderful
director
ready and the optimism
of this story is explosive and i think
that's one of the reasons why it's so
enduring
the secret garden is one of the central
stories of
childhood because it embraces this
imaginative world
it might remind them that nature is
actually very beautiful
and healing as it is in the story i
think
the audience should see that people are
really nice once you get to know them
and all you need is a little bit of
magic from a garden
the costume hair and makeup and the set
look amazing and go so well together
it's going to be amazing it's going to
be amazing
it's been one of the most creative
experiences that i've ever had
this particular telling will be the most
immersive
telling it's going to be something very
[Music]
special
you